Maybe I can be a CEO
Damn girl go
It seems
You really don't know the situation in my factory.
Sell young age 15 days to earn 1.20 million
Better to buy 5 million in the lottery
Of course I know what's going on in your factory.
Nowadays, the market economy is developing rapidly
Many officials went to sea to do business
This little snack
Children will become the first choice for many people to start a business in the future
The number of people working in this industry has increased
Cause a backlog of your goods.
Plus your ex-husband's suppression of you
This leads to higher sales.
I know you're still bragging
You know about my ex-husband
There is his suppression
Do you think you can make that much money?
Certainly.
You really brag about not making drafts
If you can do it
Not only did Uncle Sun give you his company
I will also give you my company
It's a deal.
But Shuang
Your office these days
And this secretary Zhou
You can lend it to me.
What are you going to do?
Xiao Zhou, you will listen to him these two days.
Do whatever he asks you to do?
Hey, Mr. Xia
Mr. Xia
Ah!
I will take care of Xiaoyan these two days.
If you don't want to disappoint Xiaoyan
Just sell it.
It's a serious company
Don't worry.
Secretary Zhou
Ah!
What? This is my plan
The gift box for New Year's packaging should be made ASAP.
Sell the goods
I don't do so much mess
Sister Shuang said
What do I ask you to do?
What do you do
Xiaoyan, I will not let you down again in this life.